[Workers] Add function calling tutorial (#9383)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/tutorials/openai-function-calls-workers/index.md

```js
try{
  const chatCompletion = await openai.createChatCompletion({
    model: "gpt-3.5-turbo-0613",
    messages: [{role: "user", content: "What's happening in the NBA today?"}],
    functions: [
      {
        name: "read_website_content",
        description: "Read the content on a given website",
        parameters: {
        type: "object",
        properties: {
          url: {
          type: "string",
          description: "The URL to the website to read ",
          }
        },
        required: ["url"],
        },
      }
    ]
  });

const msg = chatCompletion.data.choices[0].message;
console.log(msg.function_call)

return new Response('Hello World!');
} catch (e) {
  return new Response(e);
}
```

Let's break down the arguments we're passing to OpenAI:

* **model**: The model we want OpenAI to use for our request.
* **messages**: A list containing the messages that are part of the conversation happening. In this case, we only have one user message asking what's happening in the NBA today.
* **functions**: A list containing all the functions that we're telling OpenAI about. In this case, we only have one function. Our function has the following properties:

>     * **name**: The name of our function. We'll be calling ours `read_website_content`.
>     * **description**: A short description that lets OpenAI know what our function does. We're letting OpenAI know that our function reads the content on a given website.
>     * **parameters**: The parameters that the function can accept described as JSON Schema object. We'll have one parameter called url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **name**: The name of your function. You will be calling yours `read_website_content`.
    * **description**: A short description that lets OpenAI know what your function does. You are letting OpenAI know that your function reads the content on a given website.
    * **parameters**: The parameters that the function can accept described as a JSON Schema object. You will have one parameter called `url`.
```

> After our request to OpenAI completes, we're logging the message back to confirm it's telling us to call our function. Run your code with `npx wrangler dev` and open it in a browser by pressing `b`. You should see the following in your terminal log:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your request to OpenAI completes, you are logging the message back to confirm it is telling you to call your function. Run your code with `npx wrangler dev` and open it in a browser by pressing `b`. You should see the following in your terminal log:

```
My ignorance but`b` as in the `b` on their keyboard? for qwerty, it should be `B`. If terminal stuff, then `b`.

Author: Good call out! Adding more clarity here.

* *What type of application do you want to create?* "Hello World" script
* *Do you want to use TypeScript?* no
* *Do you want to deploy your application?* yes

```sh
$ cd openai-function-calling-workers
```

Inside of your new `openai-function-calling-workers` directory, `src/worker.js` represents the entry point to your Cloudflare Workers application. You will configure this file for most of the tutorial.

You will also need a OpenAI account and API key for this tutorial. If you do not have one you can [create a new OpenAI account](https://platform.openai.com/signup) and [create an API key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) to continue with this tutorial. Make sure to store you API key somewhere safe so you can use it later.

## Making a request to OpenAI

With your local environment set up, we'll start by making our first request to OpenAI. We'll be using the OpenAI node library to interact with the OpenAI API. In addition, we'll be using with the axios-fetch adapter to allow us to use OpenAI's node library on the edge. You can install them both with `npm`:
```sh
npm install openai
npm install @vespaiach/axios-fetch-adapter
```

> Initially, your generated `worker.js` should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initially, your generated `worker.js` file should look like this:
```

* **model**: The model we want OpenAI to use for our request.
* **messages**: A list containing the messages that are part of the conversation happening. In this case, we only have one user message asking what's happening in the NBA today.
* **functions**: A list containing all the functions that we're telling OpenAI about. In this case, we only have one function. Our function has the following properties:
    * **name**: The name of our function. We'll be calling ours `read_website_content`.
    * **description**: A short description that lets OpenAI know what our function does. We're letting OpenAI know that our function reads the content on a given website.
    * **parameters**: The parameters that the function can accept described as JSON Schema object. We'll have one parameter called url.

After our request to OpenAI completes, we're logging the message back to confirm it's telling us to call our function. Run your code with `npx wrangler dev` and open it in a browser by pressing `b`. You should see the following in your terminal log:
```sh
Object {
  name: read_website_content,
  arguments: {
"url": "https://www.nba.com/"
}
```

> One of the things I already love about function calling is how it intelligently figures out what content to pass in the argument. You'll notice we didn't say "what's happening on nba.com today?", but instead asked what was going on in the NBA and OpenAI figured out that "https://www.nba.com" was the right url to pass to our function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Function calling intelligently determines what content to pass in the argument. Take note that you did not specify your `messages` `content` as `"what's happening on nba.com today?"`, but instead asked `"What's happening in the NBA today?"`. OpenAI determined that "https://www.nba.com" was the right URL to pass to your function.
```

> ## Building our read_website_content() function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building your `read_website_content()` function
```

> Now, we'll add the code to call our function when OpenAI tells us we need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the code to call your function when OpenAI determines you need to:
```

> ```js

Reviewer: filename needed

 let websiteContent;

 if(msg.function_call.name === "read_website_content") {
    const url = JSON.parse(msg.function_call.arguments).url;
    websiteContent = await read_website_content(url);
    console.log(websiteContent);
 }
```

> We're getting close, but that function doesn't exist so we need to create it. We're going to use a node library called [cheerio](https://github.com/cheeriojs/cheerio) to the websites content. We can start by npm installing it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above function does not exist. You need to create it. Use a node library called [`cheerio`](https://github.com/cheeriojs/cheerio) to the websites content. Run `npm` to install `cheerio`:
```
`to the websites content` is something missing here? full sentence reads oddly.

Author: Yes! Missing the word retrieve. Great catch! Will fix

```sh
npm install cheerio
```

> With cheerio installed, we can import it at the top of our file and immediately create our `read_website_content` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With cheerio installed, import it at the top of your ___ file and immediately create your `read_website_content` function:
```
What file?

> ```js

Reviewer: filename needed

import cheerio from "cheerio"; 

async function read_website_content(url) {
  console.log("reading website content");

  const response = await fetch(url);
  const body = await response.text();
  let cheerioBody = await cheerio.load(body);
  const resp = {
    website_body: cheerioBody("p").text(),
    url: url
  }
  return JSON.stringify(resp);
}
```

> In this function, we take the url that we received back from OpenAI and we use JavaScript's [`Fetch API`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch) to pull the content of the website, and then cheerio to pull out only the text of the website. We then create a JSON object for the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this function, you take the URL that you received back from OpenAI and use JavaScript's [`Fetch API`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch) to pull the content of the website. Then, your function will use `cheerio` to pull out only the text of the website. You then create a JSON object for the response.
```

> With this in place, we can run our code again to see that we're properly calling our function and pulling website data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this __ in place, run your code again to review that you are properly calling your function and pulling website data:
```
This function?

```sh
npx wrangler dev
```

When you open a browser, you should see the log of the website content in your terminal.

> ## Sending our function response back to OpenAI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Send your function response back to OpenAI
```

The last part of our application is returning the data we got back from our function to OpenAI and having it answer the user's original question. Right after we log `websiteContent`, we'll make a second call to the chat completion API:

> ```js

Reviewer: filename needed

const secondChatCompletion = await openai.createChatCompletion({
  model: "gpt-3.5-turbo-0613",
  messages: [
    {role: "user", content: "What's happening in New York City today?"},
    msg,
    {
      role: "function",
      name: msg.function_call.name,
      content: websiteContent
    }
  ],
});

return new Response(secondChatCompletion.data.choices[0].message.content);
```

> This one will look very similar to our first, but this time instead of passing the schema data about our function we're passing a message that contains the response we got back from our function. OpenAI will use this information to build it's response, which we'll output to the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This <proper noun needed> will look similar to <proper noun needed> first.This time, instead of passing the schema data about your function, you are passing a message that contains the response you got back from your function. OpenAI will use this information to build its response, which you will output to the browser.
```
Useful to explain what function if it has a name.

> Run our code again (`npx wrangler dev`) and open it in your browser. This will now show you OpenAI's response using real-time information from the website. You can try other websites and topics but updating the user's message in our two API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run your code again by running `npx wrangler dev` and open it in your browser. This will now show you OpenAI's response using real-time information from the website. You can try other websites and topics by updating the user's message in your two API calls.
```

> ## What's next?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next steps
```

> If you want to deploy your application, you can run the `npx wrangler publish` command to deploy your Workers script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy your application, run the `npx wrangler deploy` command to deploy your Worker application:
```

```sh

> $ npx wrangler publish

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ npx wrangler deploy
```
publish is now deprecated.

```

> You can reference the finished code [on GitHub](https://github.com/rickyrobinett/workers-sdk/tree/main/templates/examples/openai-function-calling).
> 
> If you want to continue working with Workers and AI you can try out [this guide on using LangChaing and Cloudflare Workers together](https://blog.cloudflare.com/langchain-and-cloudflare/) or [how to build a ChatGPT plugin with Cloudflare Workers](https://blog.cloudflare.com/magic-in-minutes-how-to-build-a-chatgpt-plugin-with-cloudflare-workers/).
> 
>  If you have any questions, need assistance, or would like to share your project, join the Cloudflare Developer community on [Discord](https://discord.gg/cloudflaredev) to connect with fellow developers and the Cloudflare team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reference the [finished code for this tutorial on GitHub](https://github.com/rickyrobinett/workers-sdk/tree/main/templates/examples/openai-function-calling).

To continue working with Workers and AI, refer to [the guide on using LangChaing and Cloudflare Workers together](https://blog.cloudflare.com/langchain-and-cloudflare/) or [how to build a ChatGPT plugin with Cloudflare Workers](https://blog.cloudflare.com/magic-in-minutes-how-to-build-a-chatgpt-plugin-with-cloudflare-workers/).

If you have any questions, need assistance, or would like to share your project, join the Cloudflare Developer community on [Discord](https://discord.gg/cloudflaredev) to connect with fellow developers and the Cloudflare team.
```

---
updated: 2023-06-14
difficulty: Beginner
content_type: 📝 Tutorial
pcx_content_type: tutorial
title: OpenAI GPT function calling with JavaScript and Cloudflare Workers 
layout: single
---

> # OpenAI GPT function calling with JavaScript and Cloudflare Workers 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Use OpenAI GPT function calling with JavaScript and Cloudflare Workers 
```

Reviewer: Either this or something that matches the imperative mood (eg, "Install Wrangler" rather than "Installing Wrangler")

You will learn how to:

- Make an API call from Cloudflare Workers to OpenAI's API using JavaScript.
- Determine if OpenAI is indicating you should call a function in your code based on a user's input.
- Use Worker secrets with Wrangler.

---

## Create a Worker project

Create a Worker project in the command line:

```sh
---
header: Create a Worker project
---
$ npm create cloudflare@latest
```

For setup, select the following options:
* For `Where do you want to create your application?`, indicate `openai-function-calling-workers`.
* For `What type of application do you want to create?`, choose `"Hello World" script`.
* For `Do you want to use TypeScript?`, choose `no`.
* For `Do you want to deploy your application?`, choose `yes`.

Go to your new `openai-function-calling-workers` Worker project:

```sh
$ cd openai-function-calling-workers
```

Inside of your new `openai-function-calling-workers` directory, `src/worker.js` represents the entry point to your Cloudflare Workers application. You will configure this file for most of the tutorial.

> You will also need a OpenAI account and API key for this tutorial. If you do not have one, [create a new OpenAI account](https://platform.openai.com/signup) and [create an API key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) to continue with this tutorial. Make sure to store you API key somewhere safe so you can use it later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need an OpenAI account and API key for this tutorial. If you do not have one, [create a new OpenAI account](https://platform.openai.com/signup) and [create an API key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) to continue with this tutorial. Make sure to store you API key somewhere safe so you can use it later.
```

## Make a request to OpenAI

> With your local environment set up, make your first request to OpenAI. You will use the OpenAI node library to interact with the OpenAI API. You will also be using the `axios-fetch` adapter to interact with OpenAI's node library on the edge. Install the OpenAI node library and `axios-fetch` adapter with `npm`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your Worker project created, make your first request to OpenAI. You will use the OpenAI node library to interact with the OpenAI API. You will also be using the `axios-fetch` adapter to interact with OpenAI's node library on the edge. Install the OpenAI node library and `axios-fetch` adapter with `npm`:
```
Either we specify in previous section that "creating a Worker" was "setting up a local environment" or we reaffirm user that they did what previous section told them to do ("create a Worker") to avoid confusion.

```sh
npm install openai
npm install @vespaiach/axios-fetch-adapter
```

Initially, your generated `worker.js` file should look like this:
```js
---
filename: worker.js
---
export default {
	async fetch(request, env, ctx) {
		return new Response('Hello World!');
	},
};
```

Above `export default`, add the imports for `openai` and `axios-fetch`:
```js
---
filename: worker.js
---
import { Configuration, OpenAIApi } from "openai";
import fetchAdapter from "@vespaiach/axios-fetch-adapter";
```

Within your `fetch` function, set up the configuration and instantiate your `OpenAIApi` client:

```js
---
filename: worker.js
---
async fetch(request, env, ctx) {
  const configuration = new Configuration({
        apiKey: env.OPENAI_API_KEY,
        baseOptions: {
            adapter: fetchAdapter
        }
      });
      const openai = new OpenAIApi(configuration);

  return new Response('Hello World!');
},
```

To make this work, you need to use [`wrangler secret put`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#put-3) to set your `OPENAI_API_KEY`. This key is the API key you created earlier in the OpenAI dashboard:
```sh
npx wrangler secret put OPENAI_API_KEY
```

> For local development, we'll also want to place this value in our `.dev.vars` file. Create a new file `.dev.vars` and add this line. Making sure to replace it with your own OpenAI API key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For local development, create a new file `.dev.vars` in your Worker project and add this line. Make sure to replace `OPENAI_API_KEY` with your own OpenAI API key:
```

```
OPENAI_API_KEY = "<YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY>"
```

> Now, make your request to the OpenAI [Chat Completions API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/gpt/chat-completions-api) with your functions argument to indicate that you are enabling [function calling](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/gpt/function-calling) with this request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, make a request to the OpenAI [Chat Completions API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/gpt/chat-completions-api) with your functions argument to indicate that you are enabling [function calling](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/gpt/function-calling) with this request.
```

          description: "The URL to the website to read ",
          }
        },
        required: ["url"],
        },
      }
    ]
  });

const msg = chatCompletion.data.choices[0].message;
console.log(msg.function_call)

return new Response('Hello World!');
} catch (e) {
  return new Response(e);
}
```

Review the arguments you are passing to OpenAI:

* **model**: The model you want OpenAI to use for your request.
* **messages**: A list containing the messages that are part of the conversation happening. In this guide, you only have one user message asking what is happening in the NBA today.
* **functions**: A list containing all the functions that you are telling OpenAI about. In this guide, you only have one function. Your function has the following properties:
    * **name**: The name of your function. You will be calling yours `read_website_content`.
    * **description**: A short description that lets OpenAI know what your function does. You are letting OpenAI know that your function reads the content on a given website.
    * **parameters**: The parameters that the function can accept described as a JSON Schema object. You will have one parameter called `url`.

> After your request to OpenAI completes, you are logging the message back to confirm it is telling you to call your function. Run your code with `npx wrangler dev` and open it in a browser by pressing `b`. You should see the following in your terminal log:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your request to OpenAI completes, you are logging the message back to confirm it is telling you to call your function. Run your code with `npx wrangler dev` and open it in a browser by pressing `b`.
```
See comment below.

> After our request to OpenAI completes, we're logging the message back to confirm it's telling us to call our function. Run your code with `npx wrangler dev` and open it in a browser by pressing `b` on your keyboard after the `npx wrangler dev` command prompts you in terminal. You should see the following in your terminal log:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your request to OpenAI completes, you are logging the message back to confirm it is telling us to call your function. Run your code with `npx wrangler dev` and open it in a browser by pressing `B` on your keyboard after the `npx wrangler dev` command prompts you in terminal. You review the following in your terminal log:
```
These two paragraphs seem like dupes?

Author: Looks like a merge fail. Good catch

```js
---
filename: worker.js
---
const secondChatCompletion = await openai.createChatCompletion({
  model: "gpt-3.5-turbo-0613",
  messages: [
    {role: "user", content: "What's happening in New York City today?"},
    msg,
    {
      role: "function",
      name: msg.function_call.name,
      content: websiteContent
    }
  ],
});

return new Response(secondChatCompletion.data.choices[0].message.content);
```

This request to OpenAI will look similar to first request. But this time, instead of passing the schema data about your function, you are passing a message that contains the response you got back from your function. OpenAI will use this information to build its response, which you will output to the browser.

Run your code again by running `npx wrangler dev` and open it in your browser. This will now show you OpenAI's response using real-time information from the website. You can try other websites and topics by updating the user's message in your two API calls.

> ## Next steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy your Worker application
```

To deploy your application, run the `npx wrangler deploy` command to deploy your Worker application:

```sh
$ npx wrangler deploy
```

> 

Reviewer: Add something here about where the application will be available. Refer to: https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/get-started/guide/#4-deploy-your-project

> Reference the [finished code for this tutorial on GitHub](https://github.com/rickyrobinett/workers-sdk/tree/main/templates/examples/openai-function-calling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next steps

Reference the [finished code for this tutorial on GitHub](https://github.com/rickyrobinett/workers-sdk/tree/main/templates/examples/openai-function-calling).
```

You will learn how to:

- Make an API call from Cloudflare Workers to OpenAI's API using JavaScript.
- Determine if OpenAI is indicating you should call a function in your code based on a user's input.
- Use Worker secrets with Wrangler.

---

## Create a Worker project

Create a Worker project in the command line:

```sh
---
header: Create a Worker project
---
$ npm create cloudflare@latest
```

For setup, select the following options:
* For `Where do you want to create your application?`, indicate `openai-function-calling-workers`.
* For `What type of application do you want to create?`, choose `"Hello World" script`.
* For `Do you want to use TypeScript?`, choose `no`.
* For `Do you want to deploy your application?`, choose `yes`.

Go to your new `openai-function-calling-workers` Worker project:

```sh
$ cd openai-function-calling-workers
```

> Inside of your new `openai-function-calling-workers` directory, `src/worker.js` represents the entry point to your Cloudflare Workers application. You will configure this file for most of the tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside of your new `openai-function-calling-workers` directory, find the `src/worker.js` file. You will configure this file for most of the tutorial.
```
We are not going to use 'entry point' to describe these files but we have not settled on a name yet.

You will also need an OpenAI account and API key for this tutorial. If you do not have one, [create a new OpenAI account](https://platform.openai.com/signup) and [create an API key](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys) to continue with this tutorial. Make sure to store you API key somewhere safe so you can use it later.

## Make a request to OpenAI

With your Worker project created, make your first request to OpenAI. You will use the OpenAI node library to interact with the OpenAI API. You will also be using the `axios-fetch` adapter to interact with OpenAI's node library on the edge. Install the OpenAI node library and `axios-fetch` adapter with `npm`:
```sh

> npm install openai
> npm install @vespaiach/axios-fetch-adapter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ npm install openai
$ npm install @vespaiach/axios-fetch-adapter
```

```

Initially, your generated `worker.js` file should look like this:
```js
---
filename: worker.js
---
export default {
	async fetch(request, env, ctx) {
		return new Response('Hello World!');
	},
};
```

Above `export default`, add the imports for `openai` and `axios-fetch`:
```js
---
filename: worker.js
---
import { Configuration, OpenAIApi } from "openai";
import fetchAdapter from "@vespaiach/axios-fetch-adapter";
```

Within your `fetch` function, set up the configuration and instantiate your `OpenAIApi` client:

```js
---
filename: worker.js
---
async fetch(request, env, ctx) {
  const configuration = new Configuration({

>         apiKey: env.OPENAI_API_KEY,
>         baseOptions: {
>             adapter: fetchAdapter
>         }
>       });
>       const openai = new OpenAIApi(configuration);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    apiKey: env.OPENAI_API_KEY,
    baseOptions: {
      adapter: fetchAdapter
    }
  });
  const openai = new OpenAIApi(configuration);
```

  return new Response('Hello World!');
},
```

To make this work, you need to use [`wrangler secret put`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#put-3) to set your `OPENAI_API_KEY`. This key is the API key you created earlier in the OpenAI dashboard:
```sh

> npx wrangler secret put OPENAI_API_KEY

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ npx wrangler secret put OPENAI_API_KEY
```

Reviewer: Added < > to Walshy's suggestion.

```

For local development, create a new file `.dev.vars` in your Worker project and add this line. Make sure to replace `OPENAI_API_KEY` with your own OpenAI API key:
```
OPENAI_API_KEY = "<YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY>"
```

Now, make a request to the OpenAI [Chat Completions API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/gpt/chat-completions-api) with your functions argument to indicate that you are enabling [function calling](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/gpt/function-calling) with this request.
```js
---
filename: worker.js
---

> try{
>   const chatCompletion = await openai.createChatCompletion({
>     model: "gpt-3.5-turbo-0613",
>     messages: [{role: "user", content: "What's happening in the NBA today?"}],
>     functions: [
>       {
>         name: "read_website_content",
>         description: "Read the content on a given website",
>         parameters: {
>         type: "object",
>         properties: {
>           url: {
>           type: "string",
>           description: "The URL to the website to read ",
>           }
>         },
>         required: ["url"],
>         },
>       }
>     ]
>   });
> 
> const msg = chatCompletion.data.choices[0].message;
> console.log(msg.function_call)
> 
> return new Response('Hello World!');
> } catch (e) {
>   return new Response(e);
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
try {
  const chatCompletion = await openai.createChatCompletion({
    model: "gpt-3.5-turbo-0613",
    messages: [{role: "user", content: "What's happening in the NBA today?"}],
    functions: [
      {
        name: "read_website_content",
        description: "Read the content on a given website",
        parameters: {
        type: "object",
        properties: {
          url: {
          type: "string",
          description: "The URL to the website to read ",
          }
        },
        required: ["url"],
        },
      }
    ]
  });

  const msg = chatCompletion.data.choices[0].message;
  console.log(msg.function_call)

  return new Response('Hello World!');
} catch (e) {
  return new Response(e);
}
```

Review the arguments you are passing to OpenAI:

* **model**: The model you want OpenAI to use for your request.
* **messages**: A list containing the messages that are part of the conversation happening. In this guide, you only have one user message asking what is happening in the NBA today.
* **functions**: A list containing all the functions that you are telling OpenAI about. In this guide, you only have one function. Your function has the following properties:
    * **name**: The name of your function. You will be calling yours `read_website_content`.
    * **description**: A short description that lets OpenAI know what your function does. You are letting OpenAI know that your function reads the content on a given website.
    * **parameters**: The parameters that the function can accept described as a JSON Schema object. You will have one parameter called `url`.

After your request to OpenAI completes, you are logging the message back to confirm it is telling you to call your function. Run your code with `npx wrangler dev` and open it in a browser by pressing `b`. You should see the following in your terminal log:
```sh
Object {
  name: read_website_content,
  arguments: {

> "url": "https://www.nba.com/"
> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "url": "https://www.nba.com/"
  }
}
```

```

Function calling intelligently determines what content to pass in the argument. Take note that you did not specify your `messages` `content` as `"what's happening on nba.com today?"`, but instead asked `"What's happening in the NBA today?"`. OpenAI determined that "https://www.nba.com" was the right URL to pass to your function.

## Building your `read_website_content()` function

Add the code to call your function when OpenAI determines you need to:
```js
---
filename: worker.js
---
 let websiteContent;

>  if(msg.function_call.name === "read_website_content") {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 if (msg.function_call.name === "read_website_content") {
```

    const url = JSON.parse(msg.function_call.arguments).url;
    websiteContent = await read_website_content(url);
    console.log(websiteContent);
 }
```

The above function does not exist. You need to create it. Use a node library called [`cheerio`](https://github.com/cheeriojs/cheerio) to the websites content. Run `npm` to install `cheerio`:
```sh

> npm install cheerio

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ npm install cheerio
```

```

With cheerio installed, import it at the top of your `worker.js` file and immediately create your `read_website_content` function:
```js
---
filename: worker.js
---
import cheerio from "cheerio"; 

async function read_website_content(url) {
  console.log("reading website content");

  const response = await fetch(url);
  const body = await response.text();
  let cheerioBody = await cheerio.load(body);
  const resp = {
    website_body: cheerioBody("p").text(),
    url: url
  }
  return JSON.stringify(resp);
}
```

In this function, you take the URL that you received back from OpenAI and use JavaScript's [`Fetch API`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API/Using_Fetch) to pull the content of the website. Then, your function will use `cheerio` to pull out only the text of the website. You then create a JSON object for the response.

With this function in place, run your code again to review that you are properly calling your function and pulling website data:
```sh

> npx wrangler dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ npx wrangler dev
```
